Homework for Chapter 2 of Learning MySQL (2006 edition), from p. 94:

Exercises:
1) What is command completion?
    Pressing TAB while typing a commmand to complete the command based on your partial entry.  
    IE: In the mysql-marinate directory, typing 'cd 01<tab>' will expand to "cd 01Intro/"

2) What are the relative advantages of installing MySQL using the package,
 directory archive (tarball or "no-install", or compiled methods?
    Tarball/RPM is easier to install
    Compiled methods are slower to install, but are more flexible, and will often be a more recent code base.

3) How do you verify the integrity of downloaded packages?
    By comparing the MD5 sum of the file you downloaded with the vallue displayed on the download page.
      * Note: The example on page 23 of the book doesn't match!  That's funny!

4) How do you add the MySQL bin directory to the operating system path?
    By adding the path to the MySQL bin directory to the PATH environmental
    variable.  (In the ~/.bashrc file, or if another shell, their config file)

Additional Exercises (not in the book): 
1) Document how you installed MySQL and any issues you came across with installation. 
 (The goal is to be easy to install it again on a similar machine.)
    I run Fedora Core, and have always just used the RPMs from their repositories, so I have just done:
      yum install mysql mysql-devel
    Most of my use of MySQL to date as been with my MythTV server, which provides scripts for DB creation
     and population.  I have done many queries and updates 'manually' though.  I have recently started 
     to create Databases from scratch and creating tables from scratch.  (I have done this on the Tandem
     platform alot, just learning MySQL more now.)

2) Document where important files should be.
    This is where they 'live' on my Fedora system:
      Executables: /usr/bin/
      Databases:   /var/lib/mysql/
      Config:      ~/.local/share/akonadi/mysql.conf

Do not forget to do a pull request when your homework is complete.
